TECHNOLOGICAL INSTITUTE OF THE PHILIPPINES – QUEZON CITY 




CONTACT INFORMATION


If you have any other concerns or inquiries that have not been covered or need further assistance with, feel free to contact our Admissions Office:
 
T.I.P. Quezon City
- 8911-0964 loc. 305
- 8911-7199
- (02) 7917-8477 loc. 305
- 9171772556 loc. 305
- 0917-8592871
- Email: admissions.qc@tip.edu.ph 

Address: 938 Aurora Boulevard, Cubao, Quezon City

For any grades or school document concerns, you may email the Registrar of the campus where you are enrolled through:
 
T.I.P. Quezon City
- (02) 8911-0964 or (02) 79178477 or 09171772556 loc 382
- reg.qc@tip.edu.ph (T.I.P. QC)
 




SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORMS


Facebook: https://web.facebook.com/TIP1962official 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/TIP1962official 
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/tip1962official/ 
Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCuV9LML0WXzdI0OYgmiPk1w 






HISTORY


The Technological Institute of the Philippines (T.I.P.) is one of the country’s premier engineering institutions which also offers programs in computing, architecture, business, education, and the arts. T.I.P. also offers senior high school and graduate studies in selected engineering and computing disciplines.


         It is located in Metro Manila, Philippines, with 2 campuses, 1 in Quezon City, the T.I.P. QC campus, and 1 in Manila, the T.I.P. Manila campus.


It is a private non-sectarian stock institution founded on February 8, 1962 by a group of educators led by Engineer Demetrio A. Quirino, Jr. and Dr. Teresita U. Quirino. T.I.P. is committed to providing high-quality and best-value education. Leveraging on an outcomes-based educational model and globally accredited programs, T.I.P. produces graduates prepared to meet industry needs, contribute to the nation's economic development, or pursue technopreneurship to address societal challenges.


Engr. Demetrio A. Quirino Jr.
T.I.P. Founder


Dr. Teresita U. Quirino
T.I.P. Founder


T.I.P. laid down its objective based on its founders’ vision: 1) to maintain high standards of instruction; 2) to bring within the reach of the masses the blessings of higher education; and 3) to cooperate with the government in the implementation of its economic and social amelioration programs.


The school committed itself to educating and developing men and women who could turn the wheels of progress and industry. T.I.P.’s initial offering of courses included Chemical Engineering, Civil Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, and Architecture. It also offered Industrial Education, Industrial Arts, Liberal Arts, High School, and various trade courses.


T.I.P.’s first site was the Lorenzana Building in Quiapo, Manila. The school had an initial enrollment of 2,400 which steadily increased throughout the years, prompting the school to slowly but surely expand.  In 1967, it set up its main site at G. Puyat Street, Quiapo, Manila.


         The institution then directed itself towards specialization in the field of technology. In 1977, it offered a two-year associate course in Marine Engineering. Then in 1980, the Liberal Arts, Education, and High School programs were phased out to make way for the school’s new thrust.
 
T.I.P. Manila


In 1981, the T.I.P. P. Casal, Quiapo location was opened to accommodate the growing student population which had reached over 23,000. T.I.P. Arlegui was opened three years later across P. Casal, both areas being collectively known as the T.I.P. Manila campus. Currently, T.I.P. Manila has four (4) main buildings across the combined 2.3-hectares of the two sites.


T.I.P. Quezon City


In 1983, the founders opened T.I.P. Quezon City along 20th Avenue of Cubao as their answer to the Philippine government’s call for dispersal to decongest the Manila University Belt. Through the years, the Quezon City campus acquired adjacent properties, including a frontage along Aurora Boulevard in the early 2000s. At present, T.I.P. Quezon City has ten (10) main buildings spread out in its 3.4-hectare site.


         The current T.I.P. president is Angelo Quirino Lahoz, grandson of the founders. He succeeded his mother and current Chairman of the Board, Dr. Elizabeth Quirino-Lahoz, on February 21, 2025.


The turn of the millennium saw T.I.P.’s campaign to externally validate the quality of its programs. Since 2000, T.I.P. has been voluntarily applying its programs for local and international accreditations and assessments from respected organizations.




ABET Accreditation


ABET is the US-based global gold standard in engineering and computing accreditation.


T.I.P. got the first ABET accreditation of 20 of its programs in 2013 – 14 from the Engineering Accreditation Commission (EAC) and 6 from the Computing Accreditation Commission (CAC).


T.I.P. vied for the second cycle of ABET international accreditation in 2018 and received, a year later, reaccreditation of all 20 of its engineering and computing programs.


Seoul Accord Accreditation


The Seoul Accord is a multilateral agreement among agencies allowing professional mobility between the Philippines and the pact’s signatory countries.


In 2015, T.I.P.'s Computer Science (BSCS), Information Systems (BSIS), and Information Technology (BSIT) programs were acknowledged under the Seoul Accord by virtue of their ABET CAC accreditation.


Graduates enjoy full recognition of their degree in countries such as the Republic of Korea, Canada, Australia, United Kingdom, United States, China, and Japan.


AUN-QA Assessment


In 2021, T.I.P. gained international recognition from the ASEAN University Network - Quality Assurance (AUN-QA) for the assessment of some of its programs. The AUN-QA is responsible for educational standards and continuous academic improvement of ASEAN schools.


To date, T.I.P. has 20 programs assessed by AUN-QA.


Most recently, T.I.P. passed the Institutional Assessment of AUN-QA.


ISO Certification


In 1999, the school’s Quality Management System (QMS) was certified compliant with the international standard ISO 9001:1994 by Det Norske Veritas (DNV) during this year. The T.I.P. QMS has since then passed regular ISO recertification and surveillance audits.


As of 2024, T.I.P. further strengthened its commitment to educational excellence by attaining certification under the ISO 21001:2018 Educational Organizations Management System (EOMS) standard, once again certified by DNV. This achievement underscores T.I.P.'s unwavering dedication to upholding global standards in educational services, ensuring the highest quality outcomes for its stakeholders.


Local accreditations


From 2000 to the present, T.I.P. has been voluntarily applying its programs for local accreditation from respected organizations. These accreditations include the Philippine Association of Colleges and Universities Commission on Accreditation (PACUCOA) under the umbrella of the Federation of Accrediting Agencies of the Philippines (FAAP); the Philippine Technological Council; and the Philippine Computer Society (PCS) Information and Computing Accreditation Board (PICAB).


CHED Centers of Excellence and Development


During this period, the Commission on Higher Education (CHED) also awarded 16 Centers of Excellence and Centers of Development to both T.I.P. campuses.
Moreover, CHED also awarded Autonomous Status to T.I.P. Quezon City in 2009 and to both 


T.I.P. Quezon City and T.I.P. Manila in 2016 and again in 2019.


Most recently, the CHED renewed the Autonomous status of both T.I.P. Quezon City and T.I.P. Manila for another 3 years– 2024-2027.


In response to the nationwide K-12 basic and secondary education program implementation, T.I.P. applied for and was granted a permit to offer a standalone Senior High School (SHS) program in 2015. The strands offered by the T.I.P. SHS currently include Science, Technology, and Mathematics (STEM); Accountancy, Business, and Management (ABM); and Humanities and Social Sciences (HUMSS).


On top of its campaign towards programmatic excellence on a national and international level, T.I.P. also embarked on a new direction. Called T.I.P. TechnoCoRe, this thrust was established in 2017 to institutionalize Technopreneurship and Collaborative Applied Research into its brand of education. T.I.P. TechnoCoRe involves instilling the core technopreneurship skills of (1) problem-opportunity formulation, (2) ideation, (3) validation, and (4) execution into T.I.P. students, faculty members, researchers, and other stakeholders. T.I.P. TechnoCoRe also involves the active establishment of collaborative applied research partnerships with government, industry, and other organizations.


As its commitment to this thrust, T.I.P. in 2019 opened the T.I.P. TechnoCoRe building in its Quezon City campus. It is a seven-storey innovation hub housing T.I.P.’s state-of-the-art classrooms, seminar rooms, computer rooms, and engineering, computing, and fabrication laboratories.


Coming from the heels of collaboration, 2019 also saw T.I.P. partnering with the Far Eastern University (FEU) to establish Edustria High School at the LIMA Technology Center in Lipa, Batangas. This joint venture educational offering aims to provide industry-relevant education through active partnerships with nearby local and multinational corporations that shall enable its students to achieve meaningful careers, economic upliftment, and life aspirations.


2020 saw the world getting hit by the COVID-19 pandemic. To ensure education continuity and the community’s safety, T.I.P. exclusively implemented online and flexible learning for all T.I.P. students in the 1st Semester of SY 2020-2021. Within months from the start of the pandemic, the institution focused on reengineering its services, redesigning processes, and conducting countless training to adequately prepare the school for this new normal of teaching and learning.


Starting 2nd semester, school year 2022-2023, T.I.P. undergraduate programs went back to full face-to-face onsite modality.


The Technological Institute of the Philippines remains firmly committed to global excellence, leadership in engineering and technological education in the Philippines, and continuous improvement for its students, alumni, and employees alike.
It remains focused on student outcomes.




ABOUT THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD


Dr. Elizabeth Quirino-Lahoz is the current Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Technological Institute of the Philippines (T.I.P.), with campuses in Manila and Quezon City.


Dr. Lahoz assumed the presidency in 2003. She succeeded Dr. Teresita U. Quirino and Engr. Demetrio A. Quirino, Jr., T.I.P. founders and first and second T.I.P. presidents, respectively. 


She stepped down from her role as the third T.I.P. president on February 21, 2025, turning over the presidency to her son, third generationer Angelo Quirino Lahoz. Dr. Lahoz continues to serve as the institution's Chairman of the Board.


Dr. Lahoz graduated Magna Cum Laude, AB Communication Arts, from Maryknoll College in 1973. She was also class valedictorian and Communication Arts area awardee. She completed her Master in Business Administration for Senior Executives and Professionals from the Ateneo de Manila University in 1994 and finished her Doctor of Philosophy in Education Major in Educational Administration from the University of the Philippines in 2006. 


Dr. Lahoz serves in various professional and civic activities. She is a member of the Technical Committee for Educational Leadership and Foundations of the Commission on Higher Education (CHED); the Board of Trustees and the Committee on Institutional Quality Improvement of the Philippine Association of Colleges and Universities (PACU); and the Board of Trustees of the Private Education Retirement Annuity Association (PERAA).


Awards and Recognitions


In 2013, the Philippine Area Chapter of the Pi Lambda Theta, an international honors society and professional association in education, awarded Dr. Lahoz the PLT Eminent  Filipino Women Educators Award in recognition of "her outstanding contribution to Philippine Education, Filipino teachers and learners.”


In 2006, Dr. Lahoz’s dissertation, ”Portrait of the Filipino as an Outstanding Private School Administrator” was adjudged the “Most Outstanding Dissertation” of the College of Education, University of the Philippines. She was a featured alumna in GURU: Distinguished Educators (UPEAA, 2010) by the University of the Philippines Education Alumni Association (UPEAA).


In 2016, Dr. Lahoz was recognized as one of Go Negosyo’s Inspiring Women Entrepreneurs, under the Large Enterprise Category. As second-generation T.I.P. administrator, Dr. Lahoz continues the legacy of the school’s founders, her parents, the real entrepreneurs, and the empowerment of the Filipino youth towards national development.


In 2018, Dr. Lahoz was named as one of the Maryknoll/Miriam College Amazing Alumni Achiever (Triple A) Awardees. MCTimes (2018) reported that Dr. Lahoz “is truly a remarkably intelligent and driven woman with a compassionate heart and a will for service. She embodies loyalty and commitment, manifested in her determination to further and protect the causes she loves: her family and friends, education, T.I.P., the Filipino youth, and her country.”


ABOUT THE PRESIDENT


The Technological Institute of the Philippines (T.I.P.) is set to begin a new chapter as Angelo Quirino Lahoz takes over the helm of the institution’s presidency. The announcement was made by Dr. Elizabeth Quirino-Lahoz, T.I.P. Chairman, on Friday, February 21, 2025 during the school’s 63rd anniversary celebrations. 


Angelo Quirino Lahoz is the firstborn son of Dr. Quirino-Lahoz and Angel Lahoz and the grandson of T.I.P. founders, Engr. Demetrio Quirino and Dr. Teresita Quirino. He previously served T.I.P. as Assistant Vice President for Administration for fifteen (15) years then as Senior Vice President and Vice Chairman for eight (8) years. 


Lahoz, having always been deeply involved in the school’s business affairs, is set in continuing his grandparents' legacy, but he is determined to imbue it with a modern take and  refine T.I.P. 's brand of excellence through the lens of constructivism.


Lahoz’s educational philosophy is centered around the idea of “learning by doing” or experience-based learning. This stance is manifested through the establishment of T.I.P. TechnoCoRe, the institution’s thrust towards Technopreneurship and Industry-Academe Collaborative Applied Research.


In TechnoCoRe, T.I.P. engages students and faculty in collaborative projects with industry giants to gain real-world technopreneurship experience, which at present has led to a host of T.I.P.-developed patents being brought to market today. TechnoCoRe allows students and faculty to gain hands-on experience in using equipment and facilities to solve real-life challenges in their chosen fields. It is also an avenue for students and faculty to connect with key industry players and expand their perspectives.


Lahoz completed his undergraduate degree, BS in Management Information Systems, at the Ateneo De Manila University in 2000. Then he graduated with distinction at the Asian Institute of Management in 2006 for his Masters’ degree in Management. 


He is currently finishing his PhD in Education major in Educational Administration at the University of the Philippines. Lahoz is an entrepreneur as well; he serves as President and CEO of SEBI Tech , T.I.P. 's first-ever spin-off which provides integrated school management systems to client schools around the Philippines.


Lahoz is also active in the Academic community in general, taking on different roles such as the position of Assistant Treasurer in the educational partnership between FEU and T.I.P., Edustria High School.




VISION & MISSION


Vision
We envision a better life for Filipinos by empowering our students with the best globally competitive technological education in engineering, computing, and allied disciplines.


Mission
Through digitalization and innovation in academic design and delivery, T.I.P. students, faculty, staff, and industry partners work together in both traditional and online/flexible learning to transform our students to achieve optimal student outcomes:
- Full competence in their fields of study
- Ability to apply their competencies, mindsets, and values to serve the needs of industry or to pursue technopreneurship to solve societal problems.




T.I.P. EDUCATIONAL ORGANIZATION POLICY


The TECHNOLOGICAL INSTITUTE OF THE PHILIPPINES is committed to EXCELLENCE and TOTAL QUALITY in Education.


In pursuit of such a commitment, T.I.P. shall:


1. Educate and mold men and women who are problem solvers, innovators and lifelong learners and assets to the country and to the world.


         2. Provide students with quality instruction and administrative services that would exceed their expectations and that of other interested parties by always keeping in mind that the satisfaction of their needs and expectations comes first.


3. Endeavor to be the best technological school steeped in a constructivist culture that is focused on achieving clear goals through the effective use of information, effective communication amongst stakeholders, and critical continuous improvement, consistent with its vision and mission.


4. Practice a proactive leadership that:
- forms decisions on the basis of facts, including the attendant risks and opportunities
- ensures compliance to statutory and regulatory requirements
- manages responsibly its intellectual property
- manages by constantly reviewing relevant educational, scientific and technical developments with the end-in-view of improving work procedures and processes, the physical plants, alliances and partnerships to improve the overall system of operations
 
5. Create a culture where every employee accepts responsibility for quality and commitment to social responsibility.




CORE VALUES


Commitment to Continuous Improvement and Innovation
The School is committed to continuously improve its services and innovate its program offerings to maintain its globally competitive edge and to ensure value addition for its stakeholders.
 
Collaborative Mindset
Everyone continuously engages and collaborates with internal and external stakeholders to remain relevant, and attain its desired goals and objectives.
 
Community Spirit
A strong sense of community, a willingness to cooperate in planning, realizing, and achieving goals for the common good.
 
Service Orientedness
A culture of altruism in the context of an educational institution where work is towards helping others. Teachers unselfishly impart knowledge so students achieve full competency in their field of study. Employees and administrators serve with the knowledge that service to others is their reason for being, and the school, as a community, gives back to society.
 
Positive Attitude For Learning and Working
Positive attitude, high emotional resiliency, a grateful heart, a healthy body, and a clean environment are ways for productive learning and working to take place.
 
Effective and Open Communication
The School recognizes that effective communication is an integral element in the institution’s success. With this, the School also encourages two-way dialogues that shall lead to an engaged and united community under a common goal.
 
Digital Savvy
The School integrates digitalization and technology in managing its processes and embedding them into its curriculum. This enables the School to streamline its processes and achieve digital transformation.
 
Adaptability
The School strategically adapts to a changing environment by gathering relevant information and applying critical thinking to address multiple demands and competing priorities, thereby optimizing opportunities even in times of adversity.




CORE COMPETENCIES
Collaboration
The ability to work with others and build partnerships to meet the shared objectives.


Continuing Improvement Towards Total Quality
A relentless drive towards the improvement of work process in order to achieve quality in all aspects of operations with the objective of delivering quality service to the School's constituents.


Innovativeness
The ability to rapidly incorporate relevant changes in business practices through the creation and/or adoption of new ideas that add value in the form of increased competitiveness and sustainability and to improve facilities, laboratories and shops; creative and efficient solutions in order to provide and design facilities that are up-to-date and highly conducive to teaching, learning and working.


Efficient And Creative Management
The ability to innovate so that financial and human resources are conserved and harnessed to the fullest to ensure viability and continued delivery of quality instruction and quality administrative services.


An Organization Willing To Learn And Improve
The dynamism, openness and willingness to grow, adapt and improve by learning new and better ways of doing things. Through grit and determination, the organization does not resist the challenges brought about by new learning, new technologies, new systems, and new policies.


Ability To Engage Technology/Digital Competency
The integration of technology and digitalization in the management of the school and in the conduct of its operations and processes.


Quest For Excellence
In order to achieve excellence and exceed expectations, the quest is broken down into small steps beginning with setting personal standards higher than those of the School and for the School, and the community, to set standards higher than those of the CHED and national government.




OUTCOMES-BASED EDUCATION


The T.I.P. implementation of Outcomes-Based Education (OBE) was driven by the following external entities: 1) Regulatory bodies such as the Commission on Higher Education (CHED), the Professional Regulation Commission (PRC), among others, 2) Local and international accrediting bodies, specifically, the Philippine Association of Colleges and Universities Commission on Accreditation (PACUCOA), the Philippine Technological Council - Accreditation and Certification Board for Engineering and Technology - Engineering Accreditation Commission (PTC - ACBET - EAC), and ABET, Inc., 3) International certifying bodies, and 4) Feedback from other external constituents.


It is also guided by existing T.I.P. internal policies and initiatives: 1) The T.I.P. Vision, Mission, Core Values, and Core Competencies, 2) T.I.P. Quality Policy, and 3) Other T.I.P. initiatives that supported the OBE implementation such as a) the T.I.P. Faculty and Staff Development Program, and b) The T.I.P. Student Development Program.


The institutional outcome statement was formulated based on the T.I.P. graduate attributes. Outcomes at the program level and course level were also formulated aligned with institutional outcomes.


The framework which T.I.P. adopted in its Outcomes-Based Teaching and Learning (OBTL) implementation revolves around three important elements: 1) Intended Learning Outcomes (ILOs), 2) Teaching and Learning Activities (TLAs) and 3) Assessment Tasks (ATs).


In support of T.I.P.’s Outcomes-Based Education and as a strategy to promote academic excellence, T.I.P. has also embarked on a proactive plan to implement Outcomes-Based Teaching and Learning (OBTL) in all its academic programs using the City University of Hong Kong OBTL model.
 
The OBE process is also supported by facilities, management processes and procedures resources and support structures sub-systems.
 
The results of the assessment and evaluation are used as inputs in the continual improvement of the instructional process specifically on the constructive alignment of ILOs, TLAs, and ATs.
 
It is expected that the implementation of OBTL as part of T.I.P.’s OBE would hasten the realization of T.I.P.’s mission "to transform students into graduates with full competence in their fields of study and who also possess Filipino values, industry-desired values, and global citizen values”.




THE T.I.P. LOGO


The T.I.P. logo is dominated by lines and symmetry, both important elements in engineering. Behind every great structure is the right mix of lines placed in symmetry.


The proportion between the gray lower block and the white upper block is 60:40 to subliminally reinforce the idea of stability. The base, which is colored black, represents a firm and strong foundation. The white dots in our new T.I.P. acronym is our non-verbal way, in visual graphic form, to suggest to the reader to read TIP as T.I.P. and not as “tip”




THE T.I.P. SEAL


A fusion of technology and traditional education. The willingness to evolve in the face of new challenges, while maintaining the same passion and steadfastness that build an institution. An institution that imbues its students with Filipino values, industry and global citizen values. An institution that transforms students into graduates who will contribute to the general welfare of society.




T.I.P. HYMN
YOU’LL BE IN MY HEART FOREVER
Music and Lyrics by Prudencio ”Dero” Pedero Jr.


LYRICS:

I
You sharpen my mind with knowledge and truth
You fill up my heart with gladness and joy
You lift up my life to heights I’ve never known
You teach me, guide me, you inspire me


II
You bring out the best of what I can be
You give me the strength to believe in me
You’ve given me wings to fly above the rest
And lead me on to victory


REFRAIN
You are my strength, my hope, my guiding light
You’ve added values and meaning to my life
Your teachings and caring I’ll always remember
My teachers and friends I’ll always treasure
I’ll cherish the good times we’ve spent together
T.I.P., dear T.I.P.
You’ll be in my heart forever


REPEAT REFRAIN


T.I.P.!




T.I.P. FIGHT SONG


WE'RE ON TOP OF THE WORLD
Music and Lyrics by Prudencio ”Dero” Pedero Jr.


I
Lift up your heart and hold your head up high


We’re gonna win, we’re gonna fly
We’re gonna reach our lofty dreams
We’ve got the strength; we’ve got the mind


II
We’ve got the grit and the determination
We’ve got the courage and the drive
We will exceed all expectations
We’re gonna take them by surprise


REFRAIN
We’re on top of the world T.I.P.
We’re the tip of the top of the world!
We’re on top of the world T.I.P.
We’re the tip of the top of the world


BRIDGE
Together, we are invincible
United we are strong
We do our very best
On top is where we belong


REPEAT Stanza II then REFRAIN


T.I.P., T.I.P.




ADMINISTRATION
ELIZABETH QUIRINO-LAHOZ
	Chairman
	ANGELO Q. LAHOZ
	Vice Chairman /
President
	ANGEL C. LAHOZ
	Executive Vice President
	FELICIDAD B.         ZALUN
	Principal, Senior High School
	



EDUCATIONAL PHILOSOPHY


The school has adopted an educational philosophy or statement that identifies and clarifies its beliefs, values, and understanding of T.I.P. education. The educational philosophy is as follows:


         T.I.P. believes that when students are
- immersed in constructivist experiential technological teaching and learning that is focused on outcomes;
- imbued with grit and determination, and love for their fellow Filipino,
 
they become lifelong learners, innovators, and problem solvers for the nation.




SHS ACADEMIC TRACK


STEM


The Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) track is for those looking to start a career in science and technology-related fields such as Engineering, Architecture, Information Technology, Natural Sciences, Nursing, Mathematics, and Statistics.


In T.I.P., on top of learning the technical knowledge needed to excel in this field, expect to learn the important values of scientific inquiry, logical reasoning, and collaboration skills as well. Enrolling in the T.I.P. STEM track means being one step closer to being part of the high-tech workforce!


This strand is for those who want a career in science and technology programs such as:


Engineering, Architecture, Computer Science, Information Systems, Information Technology, Natural Sciences, Nursing, Mathematics, Statistics


Enrollment Advisory: T.I.P. Manila no longer offers Senior High School (SHS). Applicants who wish to pursue their SHS education with T.I.P. may consider enrolling at our Quezon City Campus..


Apply Now: https://tinyurl.com/TIPSHSRegistration 




HUMMS


The Humanities and Social Sciences (HUMSS) strand covers topics in the liberal arts, training students to think, write, and speak about various humanistic and societal concerns. Students taking up this strand undergo classes designed to hone the mind, improve social skills, introduce cultural and linguistic diversity, and multi-disciplinary critical thinking. T.I.P. HUMSS paves the way for those looking to take up higher education in the arts, political science, literature, anthropology, philosophy, linguistics, communication, psychology, and other related fields.
                
This strand is for those who want a career in science and technology programs such as:


Psychology, Sociology, Political Science, Languages, Communication, Teacher Education


Enrollment Advisory: T.I.P. Manila no longer offers Senior High School (SHS). Applicants who wish to pursue their SHS education with T.I.P. may consider enrolling at our Quezon City Campus.


Apply Now: https://tinyurl.com/TIPSHSRegistration 




ABM


The Accountancy, Business, and Management (ABM) strand leads students on a direct path to careers in accounting management, human resources, marketing, project management, sales management, and entrepreneurship, among others.


T.I.P. ABM students are well trained in various business, legal, and organizational contexts that they shall encounter along their professional development. They are also immersed in the basic concepts of financial management, business management, corporate operations, as well as other factors that revolve around the corporate world.


This strand is for those who want a career in science and technology programs such as:


Accounting, Business Administration, Entrepreneurship, Tourism, HRM


Enrollment Advisory: T.I.P. Manila no longer offers Senior High School (SHS). Applicants who wish to pursue their SHS education with T.I.P. may consider enrolling at our Quezon City Campus.


Apply Now: https://tinyurl.com/TIPSHSRegistration 




SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL ADMISSION REQUIREMENTS


- Original Junior High School Report Card (Form 138, now known as SF9)
- Two (2) copies of 2" x 2" recent ID pictures
- PSA Birth Certificate (Original Copy)
- Certificate of Good Moral Character
- DepEd Voucher Certification (if applicable)
 
If graduated with honors, present Certificate of Honors as well.


For transferees, submit an Original Copy of Transfer Credentials alongside the rest of requirements. 


T.I.P. Manila no longer offers Senior High School (SHS). Applicants who wish to pursue their SHS education with T.I.P. may consider enrolling at our Quezon City Campus.






SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL ENROLLMENT GUIDELINES


Enrollment Advisory: T.I.P. Manila no longer offers Senior High School (SHS)


Applicants who wish to pursue their SHS education with T.I.P. may consider enrolling at our Quezon City Campus.


If you have any other concerns or inquiries that have not been covered or need further assistance with, feel free to contact our Admissions Office:


T.I.P. Quezon City
8911-0964 loc. 305
8911-7199
(02) 7917-8477 loc. 305
9171772556 loc. 305
0917-8592871
admissions.qc@tip.edu.ph 


For any grades or school document concerns, you may email the Registrar of the campus where you are enrolled through:


T.I.P. Quezon City
(02) 8911-0964 or (02) 79178477 or 09171772556 loc 382
reg.qc@tip.edu.ph (T.I.P. QC)
For onsite transactions, Registrar’s Office is open Monday to Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.




Start of Classes
No start date yet for SY 2025-2026
Please stay tuned to our social media pages for official announcements.




ENROLLMENT PROCEDURE FOR INCOMING SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS
 
Step 1
	Self-Admit - Online Registration: https://admission.tip.edu.ph/web/
	Step 2
	Admission - Evaluation, Migration of Student Profile in ARIS, Printing of Admission Forms and Scholarship Forms (if applicable) at Student Recruitment Office (SRO)
	Step 3
	Interview - with Security, Occupational, Health and Safety (SOHAS) and Guidance and Counseling Center (GCC)
	Step 4
	Entrance Exam - this step is required for applicants with 79% or below GWA
	Step 5 
	Registration - Encoding of Courses / Sections and Printing of Pre-Enrollment Form at SRO
	Step 6 
	Payment of Fees at Tellering - pay at the teller and receive Official Receipt
	Step 7 
	Issuance of Registration Form - Print the Official Enrollment Form at the Student Accounting Services (SAS).  
	Step 8 
	Application for ID, Library Card, Orientation - Head to the Office of Student Affairs (OSA) and Library for ID and Library Card application respectively, then head to GCC to sign up for orientation.
	Step 9
	Math Enhancement Program - If this step is applicable to you, please head to the Math and Physics department.
	Step 10 
	Medical and Dental Check-up - Head to the Medical-Dental Services (MDS) for check-up; check-up includes drug testing
	Step 11
	Orientation - headed by GCC
	 


ENROLLMENT PROCEDURE FOR TRANSFEREE SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS 
 
Step 1
	Self-Admit - Online Registration: https://admission.tip.edu.ph/web.
	Step 2
	Admission - Evaluation, Migration of Student Profile in ARIS, Printing of Admission Forms at Student Recruitment Office (SRO)
	Step 3
	Interview - with Security, Occupational, Health and Safety (SOHAS), Office of Student Affairs (OSA) and Guidance Counseling Center (GCC) 
	Step 4
	Entrance Exam - required for all transferees
	Step 5
	Evaluation of Courses with Program Chair / Program Evaluator
	Step 6
	Medical and Dental Check-up - Head to the Medical-Dental Services (MDS) for check-up; check-up includes drug testing
	Step 7
	Registration - Encoding of Courses / Sections and Printing of Pre-Enrollment Form at SRO
	Step 8 
	Payment of Fees at Tellering - pay at the teller and receive Official Receipt
	Step 9
	Issuance of Registration Form - Print the Official Enrollment Form at the Student Accounting Services (SAS). 
	Step 10
	Application for ID, Library Card, Orientation - Head to the Office of Student Affairs (OSA) and Library for ID and Library Card application respectively, then head to GCC to sign up for orientation.
	Step 11 
	Orientation - headed by GCC
	





ONLINE ENROLLMENT PROCEDURE FOR CONTINUING T.I.P. SHS STUDENTS

 
Step 1
	Clearance 
For students with academic probations, seek study load advice with the Guidance and Counseling Center (GCC).
For returnees, secure clearance with the Office of Student Affairs (OSA), Student Accounting Services (SAS) and Security, Occupational, Health and Safety (SOHAS) for readmission
For students with liabilities, secure clearance of liability from the concerned offices
	Step 2
	Pre-register using your ARIS student portal
	QC: https://webqc2.tip.edu.ph/portal/student/new/public/login.php
	Step 3
	Advising 
Seek advice from Academic Advisers regarding courses to enroll 
Program Evaluator with validate and encode advised courses
	Step 4
	Print enrollment form
	Step 5
	Pay at teller and get official receipt
	

SCHOOL FEES


HOW MUCH IS THE TOTAL SCHOOL FEES (TUITION AND MISCELLANEOUS FEES)


Updated list of fees and discounts are available at the Student Recruitment Office. See campus directory here.
 
MODE OF PAYMENT
You can process your payment online through:
 
- Cashier / Tellering Office at T.I.P. Campus 
- PayApp: bit.ly/TIPOnlinePayment
- DragonPay (If you are a current T.I.P. student, be sure to log in to your T.I.P. e-mail to access the link): https://tip.instructure.com/courses/4925/files?preview=331490
- 7/11: https://www.dragonpay.ph/dragonpay-payments-via-7-11-are-now-easier-and-faster
- BDO online banking and over-the-counter transaction
- Landbank online banking
 
Please note that T.I.P. does not use GCash, Maya or any other alternative payment channels and does not authorize anyone to receive any payment outside of the official channels listed above.  
 
If you have any concerns regarding payment and/or assessment, you may reach our Student Accounting Services (SAS) and Tellering Services here:

Student Accounting Quezon City: 8911-0964 loc. 391
Tellering Quezon City: 8911-0964 loc. 365